BD-1938: Update command line testing examples for iOS and Android (#4910)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/android/push_notifications/fireos/testing.md

If you'd like to test in-app and push notifications via the command-line, you can send a single notification through the terminal via cURL and the [messaging API]({{site.baseurl}}/api/endpoints/messaging/send_messages/post_send_messages/). You will need to replace the following fields with the correct values for your test case:

Required fields:
- `YOUR-API-KEY-HERE` - available on the **Developer Console** page. Ensure the key is authorized to send messages via the `/messages/send` REST API endpoint. 
- `EXTERNAL_USER_ID` - available on the **User Profile Search** page.

> - `REST_API_ENDPOINT_URL` - available on the Braze [Instances]({{site.baseurl}}/api/basics/#endpoints) page. Ensure using the endpoint corresponds to the Braze instance your app group is on.

Author: ```suggestion
- `REST_API_ENDPOINT_URL` - Listed on the Braze [Instances]({{site.baseurl}}/api/basics/#endpoints. Ensure using the endpoint corresponds to the Braze instance your app group is on.
```
